sometimes you stumble upon a product
that just doesn't make sense and this is
one of them this is a gaming laptop that
honestly like it almost shouldn't exist
because it's better than a lot of other
gaming laptops out there yet it wasn't
made by like a huge brand well it kind
of was this was developed by Intel in
collaboration with a few other laptop
brands and the purpose of this project
was to make a gaming laptop a thin and
light gaming laptop that was different
from what was out there to make
something that they thought was gonna be
a better experience for the consumer and
I mean they they did it so this is the
world's lightest gaming laptop yet it
has one of the biggest batteries on the
market and it has amazing thermal
performance possibly the best thermal
performance I've ever seen in a thin and
light gaming laptop and it comes out at
a reasonable price now the way they were
able to achieve this title of the
world's lightest laptop is because of
the material they've used this is using
a magnesium alloy for the entire thing
like the chassis the top panel the
bottom panel all magnesium alloy and it
is very noticeable it's a lot lighter
than you expect at the moment you pull
it out of the box and in terms of just
gaming laptops it is quite rare I think
this is the only one I've ever seen that
had magnesium all over we've seen this
material used on some of the surface
devices and some of the thin and light
ultra books but to see magnesium used
throughout the entire process of a
gaming laptop this is a first for me now
the design of it is more generic looking
I wouldn't say that I love the
aesthetics of it but Intel did work with
a few brands so I guess depending on
which company you purchased it from
you're gonna have a different logo up at
the front this particular one is from
electronics I've covered a couple of
their products on my channel before but
they also worked with dbrand I think
Intel collaborated with them so they
have their skins available for this
laptop the build quality seems pretty
good there is a couple things I've kinda
want to draw attention to at the bottom
of the device
you'll see the speaker grille and I mean
the location of this speaker grille
isn't great but you'll also notice
beside the speaker grille there's like a
plastic tab or like cutout and maybe in
the development process this error was
going to be used as a speaker cutout and
they just didn't end up going with it so
they just covered it up
but I think this plastic bit here kind
of ruins the design line in this area it
just makes it look less clean and I
honestly think it has this effect to
make this product look cheaper than it
actually is just because of the plastic
bits there it's not something that's
gonna affect anything other than just
like a visual aesthetic thing but it is
something I noticed okay ports so
there's three use bees and then there's
a Thunderbolt three in the back as well
as your AC adapter so you get to keep
your power lanes out of your way there's
also an SD card slot which is nice to
see a lot of thin inline gaming laptops
are leaving that out these days okay
on the inside we have access to a bunch
of stuff you have your two RAM slots you
can get up to 64 gigs on this thing -
nvme drives your Wi-Fi card they include
Intel's latest Wi-Fi six card and a big
93 watt hour battery this is the second
biggest battery I've seen in a fin
online gaming laptop the Aero 15 that
has like a 94 or 95 watt hour battery
this is close to the legal limit I think
it's like a 99 watt hour limit if you
bring it onto a plane like you can't fly
with a bigger battery than 99 watt hours
this is like this is right at the cusp
of that so it's really cool that
something this light has such a big
battery and in terms of battery life got
a little bit more than 7 hours of my
regular tests so internally this thing's
done great jobs got easily access
components easily upgraded components I
mean they did a good job ok let's get to
the rest of this thing the screen and
they have a 144 hertz IPS panel it's
pretty bright and they've kept the
webcam up top and the bezels pretty thin
on this thing this type of screen is not
new it's kind of the standard at this
point in time for high quality gaming
laptops but keep in mind the games look
really good at this refresh rate ok the
keyboard this is a mechanical keyboard
but don't let that fool you into
thinking that it's somehow like the best
keyboard in the world or anything it's
an OK keyboard but you do have to get
used to it now I'm going to spend a
little bit more time talking about this
keyboard than most of my regular videos
because this type of laptop isn't going
to be readily available at like your
Best Buy or something to test out so I'm
gonna try to convey what this keyboard
experiences like through this video the
keyboard layout is fine I don't think
there's anything weird about it I think
most people will enjoy the layout it's
the mechanism for each key that makes
this experience a little bit harder to
get used to when you're typing on the
keys there's a little bit of play on
each key cap and it's not abnormal
basically every laptop keyboard has a
little bit of wobble on your key caps
but because of how this keyboard is
designed you feel the adjacent Keys a
little bit more than you would on a
traditional laptop keyboard and I think
it's because it's not a chocolate style
keyboard like when you're typing you
can't depend on any framing to guide
your fingers you have to hit each key
accurately and you'll eventually just
touch the other keys around you so it
just feels a little bit different I've
used keys like this before but this one
was definitely harder to get used to now
that being said I don't think this is a
bad keyboard I think most people will
get used to it over time but it's
definitely something you have to spend
time with to get comfortable with and I
think the reason why this whole problem
exists is because of the magnesium alloy
chassis like in order for them to have a
regular chiclet keyboard you need to cut
out individual holes for each key and
maybe on an aluminum chassis that's a
little bit cheaper and easier but for
the magnesium alloys maybe it's just too
expensive or too time-consuming so in
this case until just cut out one big
rectangle to have the keyboard but in
doing so the typing experience is a
little bit different I don't think it's
a bad keyboard you just need time to get
used to it okay
the trackpad great trackpad glass
surface it's got good tracking and a
nice click mechanism alright let's talk
about performance this unit is running
at RTX 2070 max q with the 9750 h it's a
very powerful combination
excellent frame rates and games and I
believe there's a cheaper version that's
running a 16 60 TI but the thing that's
most special about this laptop is the
thermal performance so this thing has
very low temperatures and until it's
configured this unit with a negative 50
undervolt I don't know if this is like a
final unit or if that's the number that
they're gonna stick with for retail
units but I've tested this thing out a
little bit you can push it's like 120
130 pretty comfortably
I think this possibly has the best
temperatures of all the thin and light
gaming laptops on the market and you can
even bump up the wattage of the CPU in
their software comfortably so I mean
they did a really really good job
obviously Intel knows
how to design a CPU and obviously they
know what they're doing when it comes to
thermal performance but I just didn't
think that it would come in this form
like you would expect Intel to work with
like Razer or alienware or some other
huge brand to make something like this
but they've done it with smaller laptop
brands and I think this product is going
to put pressure on the bigger companies
to make something that can compete with
this because this is a really really
solid now this is a abnormally good
product but just because it's so unique
it doesn't make it perfect like I don't
want to oversell this thing by saying
like you know everyone should go and buy
this thing there are issues particularly
with the keyboard like I don't I don't
know how much this is gonna affect the
average user I mean for me it's not a
big issue but for some people that are
more particular or picky but those
keyboards I could see this being a bit
of a deterrent but I think most people
will get used to this pretty readily
overall though I think Intel did an
amazing job on this device like they
just they nailed it all the important
stuff they got it done right now the
speakers I didn't mention them but real
quick they're located on the bottom they
don't sound particularly good if you're
expecting amazing speakers this ain't it
but otherwise if you're looking for the
other stuff that I mentioned and you
don't mind a keyboard that you do have
to kind of work at to be comfortable on
definitely check this thing out so this
one is the Meg 15 by electronic it's
going to be available from other company
as well under different names and stuff
but this one's gonna be available on
Amazon and there you have it okay hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs if
you liked it subs if you loved it see
you guys next time
you